behold the day of the Lord is coming and
behold the day of the Lord is coming and your spoil will be divided in your midst
your spoil will be divided in your midst
your spoil will be divided in your midst for I will gather all the nations to
for I will gather all the nations to
for I will gather all the nations to battle against Jerusalem the city shall
battle against Jerusalem the city shall
battle against Jerusalem the city shall be taken the house is rifled and the
be taken the house is rifled and the
be taken the house is rifled and the women ravished half of the city shall go
women ravished half of the city shall go
women ravished half of the city shall go into captivity but the remnant of the
into captivity but the remnant of the
into captivity but the remnant of the people shall not be cut off from the
people shall not be cut off from the
people shall not be cut off from the city then the Lord will go forth and
city then the Lord will go forth and
city then the Lord will go forth and fight against those nations as he fights
fight against those nations as he fights
fight against those nations as he fights in the day of battle and in that day his
in the day of battle and in that day his
in the day of battle and in that day his feet will stand on the Mount of Olives
feet will stand on the Mount of Olives
feet will stand on the Mount of Olives which faces Jerusalem on the east and
which faces Jerusalem on the east and
which faces Jerusalem on the east and the Mount of Olives shall be split in
the Mount of Olives shall be split in
the Mount of Olives shall be split in two from east to west making a very
two from east to west making a very
two from east to west making a very large Valley half of the mountain shall
large Valley half of the mountain shall
large Valley half of the mountain shall move toward the north and half of it
move toward the north and half of it
move toward the north and half of it toward the south then you shall flee
toward the south then you shall flee
toward the south then you shall flee through my mountain valley for the
through my mountain valley for the
through my mountain valley for the mountain valley shall reach to asel yes
mountain valley shall reach to asel yes
mountain valley shall reach to asel yes you shall flee as you fled from the
you shall flee as you fled from the
you shall flee as you fled from the earthquake in the days of Uzziah king of
earthquake in the days of Uzziah king of
earthquake in the days of Uzziah king of judah thus the Lord my God will come and
judah thus the Lord my God will come and
judah thus the Lord my God will come and all the saints with you it shall come to
all the saints with you it shall come to
all the saints with you it shall come to pass in that day that there will be no
pass in that day that there will be no
pass in that day that there will be no light the lights will diminish it shall
light the lights will diminish it shall
light the lights will diminish it shall be one day which is known to the Lord
be one day which is known to the Lord
be one day which is known to the Lord neither day nor night but at evening
neither day nor night but at evening
neither day nor night but at evening time it shall happen that it will be
time it shall happen that it will be
time it shall happen that it will be light and in that day it shall be that
light and in that day it shall be that
light and in that day it shall be that Living Waters shall flow from Jerusalem
Living Waters shall flow from Jerusalem
Living Waters shall flow from Jerusalem half of them toward the eastern sea and
half of them toward the eastern sea and
half of them toward the eastern sea and half of them toward the western sea in
half of them toward the western sea in
half of them toward the western sea in both summer and winter it shall occur
both summer and winter it shall occur
both summer and winter it shall occur and the Lord shall be king over all the
and the Lord shall be king over all the
and the Lord shall be king over all the earth in that day it shall be the Lord
earth in that day it shall be the Lord
earth in that day it shall be the Lord is one and his name one all the land
is one and his name one all the land
is one and his name one all the land shall be turned into a plane from giba
shall be turned into a plane from giba
shall be turned into a plane from giba to Rimmon south of Jerusalem
to Rimmon south of Jerusalem
to Rimmon south of Jerusalem Jerusalem shall be raised up and
Jerusalem shall be raised up and
Jerusalem shall be raised up and inhabited in her place from Benjamin's
inhabited in her place from Benjamin's
inhabited in her place from Benjamin's gate to the place of the first gate and
gate to the place of the first gate and
gate to the place of the first gate and the corner gate and from the Tower of
the corner gate and from the Tower of
the corner gate and from the Tower of Hanano to the Kings wine presses the
Hanano to the Kings wine presses the
Hanano to the Kings wine presses the people shall dwell in it and no longer
people shall dwell in it and no longer
people shall dwell in it and no longer shall there be utter destruction but
shall there be utter destruction but
shall there be utter destruction but Jerusalem shall be safely inhabited and
Jerusalem shall be safely inhabited and
Jerusalem shall be safely inhabited and this shall be the plague with which the
this shall be the plague with which the
this shall be the plague with which the Lord will strike all the people who
Lord will strike all the people who
Lord will strike all the people who fought against Jerusalem their flesh
fought against Jerusalem their flesh
fought against Jerusalem their flesh shall dissolve while they stand on the
shall dissolve while they stand on the
shall dissolve while they stand on the feet their eyes shall dissolve in their
feet their eyes shall dissolve in their
feet their eyes shall dissolve in their sockets and their tongues shall dissolve
sockets and their tongues shall dissolve
sockets and their tongues shall dissolve in their mouths it shall come to pass in
in their mouths it shall come to pass in
in their mouths it shall come to pass in that day that a great panic from the
that day that a great panic from the
that day that a great panic from the Lord will be among them every one will
Lord will be among them every one will
Lord will be among them every one will seize the hand of his neighbor and raise
seize the hand of his neighbor and raise
seize the hand of his neighbor and raise his hand against his neighbor's hand
his hand against his neighbor's hand
his hand against his neighbor's hand Judah also will fight at Jerusalem and
Judah also will fight at Jerusalem and
Judah also will fight at Jerusalem and the wealth of all the surrounding
the wealth of all the surrounding
the wealth of all the surrounding nations shall be gathered together gold
nations shall be gathered together gold
nations shall be gathered together gold silver and apparel in great abundance
silver and apparel in great abundance
silver and apparel in great abundance such also shall be the plague on the
such also shall be the plague on the
such also shall be the plague on the horse and the mule on the camel and the
horse and the mule on the camel and the
horse and the mule on the camel and the donkey and on all the cattle that will
donkey and on all the cattle that will
donkey and on all the cattle that will be in those camps so shall this plague
be in those camps so shall this plague
be in those camps so shall this plague be and it shall come to pass that
be and it shall come to pass that
be and it shall come to pass that everyone who is left of all the nations
everyone who is left of all the nations
everyone who is left of all the nations which came against Jerusalem shall go up
which came against Jerusalem shall go up
which came against Jerusalem shall go up from year to year to worship the king
from year to year to worship the king
from year to year to worship the king the Lord of hosts and to keep the Feast
the Lord of hosts and to keep the Feast
the Lord of hosts and to keep the Feast of Tabernacles and it shall be that
of Tabernacles and it shall be that
of Tabernacles and it shall be that whichever of the families of the earth
whichever of the families of the earth
whichever of the families of the earth do not come up to Jerusalem to worship
do not come up to Jerusalem to worship
do not come up to Jerusalem to worship the king the Lord of hosts on them there
the king the Lord of hosts on them there
the king the Lord of hosts on them there will be no rain if the family of Egypt
will be no rain if the family of Egypt
will be no rain if the family of Egypt will not come up and enter in they shall
will not come up and enter in they shall
will not come up and enter in they shall have no rain they shall receive the
have no rain they shall receive the
have no rain they shall receive the plague with which the Lord strikes the
plague with which the Lord strikes the
plague with which the Lord strikes the nations who do not come up to keep the
nations who do not come up to keep the
nations who do not come up to keep the Feast of Tabernacles this shall be the
Feast of Tabernacles this shall be the
Feast of Tabernacles this shall be the punishment of Egypt and the punishment
punishment of Egypt and the punishment
punishment of Egypt and the punishment of all the nations that do not come up
of all the nations that do not come up
of all the nations that do not come up to
to
to keep the Feast of Tabernacles in that
keep the Feast of Tabernacles in that
keep the Feast of Tabernacles in that day holiness to the Lord shall be
day holiness to the Lord shall be
day holiness to the Lord shall be engraved on the bells of the horses the
engraved on the bells of the horses the
engraved on the bells of the horses the pots in the Lord's house shall be like
pots in the Lord's house shall be like
pots in the Lord's house shall be like the bowls before the altar yes every pot
the bowls before the altar yes every pot
the bowls before the altar yes every pot in Jerusalem and Judah shall be holiness
in Jerusalem and Judah shall be holiness
in Jerusalem and Judah shall be holiness to the Lord of Hosts every one who
to the Lord of Hosts every one who
to the Lord of Hosts every one who sacrifices shall come and take them and
sacrifices shall come and take them and
sacrifices shall come and take them and cook in them in that day there shall no
cook in them in that day there shall no
cook in them in that day there shall no longer be a Canaanite in the house of
longer be a Canaanite in the house of
longer be a Canaanite in the house of the Lord of hosts
the Lord of hosts
the Lord of hosts [Music]